Family Declaration
Opening Your Account
Account Settings
Subscription Plans
Other Services
KYC Queries
Account Activation
Closing Your Account
MPIN and Fingerprint
MTF Activation/Deactivation
View and Update Profile
Segment Activation
As per regulatory requirement, every KYC account should have a separate and unique mobile number and email address . In case if account holder wishes to use common email Id/ Mobile number for more than one account of family, it can be done after submitting a written declaration giving required details and duly signed by people involved.
Family for this purpose has been defined by SEBI as self, spouse, dependent parents and dependent children (in case of individual account holders)
In case of non-individual category of account, if common email id/mobile number is used for more than one account then relationship can be defined as “Authorised Signatory” and the supporting needs to be submitted along with declaration such as Board resolution copy, trust/partnership deed or other such officially valid document approved giving detalils of authorized persons.
No. Only SEBI defined relationships of self, spouse, dependent parents and dependent children are allowed to be considered as family for this purpose. Anything else apart from this is not allowed.
Such account will be considered as invalid KYC accounts and will be suspended in both trading and demat account till the time unique valid KYC credentials are updated.
Modification request can be submitted to change the mobile number/email ID by submitting request from the profile page of client’s account login.
Client can download the Family Declaration Form fromhere.Send the duly signed scan copy onsupport@angelbroking.com.  Hard copy of declaration can be sent at below mentioned address.
Angel One Limited.
5th Floor Akruti Star Andheri (E)
Mumbai- 400 093
The client who wants to use common email Id/ Mobile number, will mention the demat and trading account details and sign at the bottom of the page. If the demat account has more than one holder, all the holders will sign at respective place. The person who is Sellf (whose email id /mobile number is used will sign at the place “Signature of the related person”.